## Summary of what each python script does:
<br/><br/>


**```Find_Admixture_and_Assign_Trees_to_Pop.py```**: Very crucial script. This script takes as input the generated tree sequences from the Slim simulation. A user-defined number of samples are drawn from the last generation of the simulation (present day). For each of these sampled individuals, for each chromosome and for each copy of the chromosme, every tree is checked. The haplotype's tree is climbed upto the first generation of the Slim simulation. Depending on which population it coalesces to, the haplotype is then assigned an ancestry named after that population. A segment that originates from 'population 1' is assigned 'ancestry 1'. Produces the ```Ancestries``` folder, generating a ```.anc``` file for every chromosome. These files contain the ancestry assignment for every tree for all individuals (both copies if autosomal). They also contain the length of each tree in basepairs and the total number of possible ancestries in the first row.

<br/><br/>

**```Find_Admixture_and_Assign_Trees_to_Pop_In_Parallel.py```**: Alternative version of ```Find_Admixture_and_Assign_Trees_to_Pop.py```. Takes the same input and produces the same outputs, but runs multiple chromosomes in parallel (4 by default). It's more intensive on memory, but can significantly speed up the processing time. Renaming this script ```Find_Admixture_and_Assign_Trees_to_Pop.py``` will make Snakemake use it instead.

<br/><br/>

**```Coalesce_and_Calc_Diversity.py```**: This script takes as input the tree sequences generated by the Slim simulation and an optional ```Demography.yaml```. If the Demography file is available, it will use it to to coalesce the population at the begining of the Slim simulation, under the provided demography model. Otherwise, a generic model were all populations are coalesced together will be applied. Once the coalescence is complete, mutations are added to the tree sequences and VCFs of the sampled individuals (these are the same individuals sampled from ```Find_Admixture_and_Assign_Trees_to_Pop.py```) are generated. Some genetic diversity metrics, like Pi is also calculated through tskit and printed.

<br/><br/>

**``` ```**
<br/><br/>

**``` ```**
<br/><br/>

**``` ```**
<br/><br/>

**``` ```**
<br/><br/>

**``` ```**
<br/><br/>

**``` ```**
<br/><br/>
